丽莎这几天好像有什么心事。昨天林雪梅
问了她好几次,她才说她跟张天明吵架了。

雪梅刚认识丽莎的时候,听丽莎说,她
和张天明在高中就是同学。天明人很好,很 
开朗,学习也不错。在兴趣上她跟天明不太
一样,天明是个球迷,电视里一有球赛,他
就非看不可,丽莎是个歌迷,一有演唱会就
去听。丽莎说,他们的兴趣爱好虽然不同,
但是一直相处得很好。

林雪梅想来想去,想不出他们到底发生
了什么事儿。是因为文化背景不同吗?还是
天明有了新的女朋友?正好今天晚上有空,
雪梅就去找丽莎。

丽莎： 你跟天明怎么了?

林雪梅： 别提了,他心里根本没有我。

丽莎： 到底是怎么了?

﻿林雪梅： 两个星期前我跟他约好去看一个演唱会,没
想到他那天晚上一直玩儿电脑,把演唱会的
事儿忘得一干二净。你说我能不生气吗?

丽莎： 别生气了,柯林也常常这样,一看球賽就
什么事儿都忘了。

林雪梅： 我还有更叫人生气的呢。上个星期六我找他
陪我去看电影,他很高兴地答应了,可是
八点的电影,我等到八点一刻他还没到。
打他手机,才知道他跑到另一家电影院去
了。这些虽然都是小事儿,但是叫我非常生
气,觉得他根本不在乎我。真想跟他分手。

丽莎： 原来是这样。这个天明,怎么这么“马虎!
后来呢?

林雪梅： 用后来他见到我,不停地给我道歉,说对不
起,态度特别好。这让我觉得他心里还是
有我。

丽莎： 是啊,别生气了!马虎跟心里没有你根本
不同。如果有一天不吵了,说不定你们就
真的会分手。实际上,柯林跟天明差不
多,常常忘这忘那ㄧ,丢三拉四的。他一会
儿忘了我的生日,一会儿找不到钥匙, 一
会儿又......有的时候真让人着急。

林雪梅：是吗? 原来柯林也有马虎的时候。对了,
你交男朋友的事儿,家里知道吗?

丽莎： 这个吗.......我还没把我跟柯林的事儿告诉
家里呢。

Lin Xuemei: Lisha:
Lin Xuemei: Lisha:
Lin Xuemei:
Lisha:
Lin Xuemei:
Lisha:
Lin Xuemei:
Lisha:
Lin Xuemei:
What's up with you and Tianming?
I don't want to talk about it. I just don't matter to him.
What's really wrong?
Two weeks ago he and I were supposed to go to a concert. Who knew? He spent the night playing on his computer. He completely forgot about the concert. How could I have not gotten upset? Don't be upset. Ke Lin is often like that, too. Whenever he starts watching a ball game, he forgets about everything else.
There was something even more maddening. Last Saturday I wanted him to go with me to the movies. He happily agreed. The film was at eight o'clock. I waited till eight fifteen. He still hadn't arrived. I called his cell, and only then did I find out that he had gone to another movie theater. These were all small matters, but they made me really upset. I think I really don't matter to him. I really just want to break up with him.
So that's what happened. How could Tianming be so scatterbrained? What happened after that? When he saw me later, he kept apologizing to me. He seemed sincerely sorry and made me feel that he genuinely cared about me.
That's right. Don't be upset. Being scatterbrained and not caring about you are totally different. If you stop fighting, you may well go your separate ways. Actually, Ke Lin is not much different from Tianming. He often forgets this or that and always leaves things behind. One minute he forgets my birthday, the next he can't find his keys, or something else... He sometimes really has me worried.
Really? Turns out Ke Lin has his moments of carelessness. Oh yeah, does your family know you have a boyfriend?
No... I haven't told them yet.